man commits suicide in his place frozen
asleep for 150 years
welcome back to popcorn time movie
digest today i will show you a science
fiction psychological thriller film from
titled vanilla sky spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
david a 33 year old tycoon who acquired
a publishing empire when his parents
were killed in a car crash
his condominium resembles the sharper
image catalog
david drives to work he discovers the
roads of new york unusually abandoned at
a busy time
with developing anxiety he drives to
times square and tracks down the whole
city deserted
he then awakens in his room once again
to realize he's only been having a vivid
dream
david is in a jail cell depicting a
dream to dr curtis mccabe a psychologist
who has been assigned to him
david has been accused of a murder he
cannot remember and he wears a
prosthetic strange pale mask
he and dr mccabe discuss the events that
prompted his eventual detainment
david tells his life story to court
psychologist dr curtis mccabe
following the death of david's father he
was given 51
ownership of his father's publishing
company the remainder of the company is
possessed by a board of directors that
david disparagingly calls the seven
dwarfs
all of them hate david as they assume
that one of them would become the
eventual owners of the company after
david's father died
david leaves the duties of the publisher
to his father's trusted associates while
living like a playboy in manhattan
david carries on with a rock rockstar
way of life that includes numerous
ladies
one of them is juliana juliana and david
are friends who sometimes sleep together
however david considers this
relationship no more casually than it is
juliana has developed stronger feelings
for david
she loves him but doesn't tell him that
she expects and assumes that he too
loves her back
in one sleepover david has a dream about
being all alone at times square
he wakes up and leaves for work juliana
however misses an audition to be with
david
david throws a party on his 33rd
birthday at the party
we are quickly shown a bunch of people
that david hardly cares about
david did not even care to invite
juliana she shows up anyway
upstairs david receives a naked greeting
from juliana
david doesn't like the fact that she has
shown up without being invited
julianna is hurt that she wasn't invited
david leaves her and heads down
david's best friend brian shows up at
the party with sofia whom he just met at
the library
almost instantly david and sophia are
interested in one another and flirt
lightly with each other
almost completely ignoring brian however
juliana stays distant but keeps a close
eye on him the entire night
juliana watches with a tear rolling down
her cheek when david realizes juliana is
there
he asks sofia to pretend to engage in a
deep conversation with him so that
juliana won't come near him
david and sofia disappear into his
private office where they talk for a
while
david and sophia end up hitting it off
david walks sofia back to her place
where they stay up sketch each other
they spend the entire evening talking
but don't sleep together
the next morning as david is getting
ready to drive to work juliana drives up
beside him and asks how his night with
sofia was
unaware of david juliana has followed
him there
as david is about to leave juliana makes
david feel guilty about ignoring her and
convinces him to get into her car
and soon reveals her jealousy of sofia
it quickly becomes obvious that she is
obsessed with david
she starts driving recklessly speeding
through busy city streets
all the while insisting that she's
deeply in love with him and berating him
for treating her so casually
she reminds david that they sleep four
times the other night and he has been
inside her
that she swallowed his load and that
means something she tells david that
when you sleep with someone your body
makes a promise whether you do or not
fearing for their safety he tries to get
her to stop the car by telling her that
he loves her
she purposely crashes the car killing
herself and drastically disfiguring
david's face
david suffers from blinding headaches
due to the metal pieces holding his
skull together
david meets with his doctors and they
tell him that there is no further help
that plastic surgery can do for him
they offer david a prosthetic mask in
this angersome
david wears a prosthetic mask around
others but the mental and physical
scarring from the accident causes him to
become withdrawn and depressed
after this david emerges out of his
silos he begins taking board meetings
over video calls
he goes to sofia's dance class to meet
her she meets him and is visually
disturbed by his disfigured face
they plan to meet again but sofia is
hesitant to be around him and when they
go on a date she brings brian along
the date is a disaster as david drinks
too much and makes sofia increasingly
uneasy around him
david insults the two and they leave him
to wallow in the street outside the club
at this point we have a tangent the film
splits into reality and the lucid dream
the next morning sophia returns to david
asleep on the street and apologizes to
him
she takes him home and over time helps
david emotionally recover from that
moment on
david's life is turned around his team
of plastic surgeons can restore his face
and he finds his soul mate in sofia
[Music]
david's newfound happiness is
short-lived when he begins hallucinating
he notices strange oddities such as
brief visions of his distorted face
and a man at a bar who tells david that
he could control the world and everyone
in it
one night he goes to bed with sofia and
wakes up to find himself with juliana
who insists she is sophia he grows
violent out of confusion and shock
he is convinced that juliana is alive
and playing games with him
he is arrested and told by tip that he
severely beat sofia
but tip will have the case thrown out
tip shows david photos of juliana with a
bruised face
but everybody including his best friend
brian tells him that it was sophia he
attacked
david breaks into sofia's apartment and
finds that every photo he'd seen of
sofia is now of juliana
juliana attacks him thinking he's an
intruder but then apologizes while still
insisting she is sophia
she leaves the room and the actual sofia
returns in her place as if nothing
unusual had happened
they begin to make love but while they
are in the middle of the act he finds
that he is making love to juliana
in a fit of panic he suffocates her and
then discovers he has just killed sofia
when david is finished telling dr mccabe
his story he still can't bring himself
to believe that he killed anybody
dr mccabe frustrated by david's failure
to tell him anything meaningful that
might help his case
tells him that he can no longer help
david and will try to argue for
temporary derangement
this odd turn of legalistic phrase is
just one of many clues that in this
version of david's world all
is not what it seems as dr mccabe leaves
david sees an advertisement for a
cryonics company called life extension
this advertisement involving a dog that
has been frozen and brought back to life
has appeared at several points
throughout the film
david is entranced by the commercial and
mccabe sees that there may be a
connection between life extension and
david's amnesia
dr mccabe conducts several more
interviews which serve to help david to
recall the name life extension
seeing a company with that name nearby
mccabe arranges to take david they're
escorted by a guard
rebecca a company representative
explains how life extension uses cryonic
suspension to save those with terminal
illnesses until a cure can be found
keeping them in a lucid dream state to
otherwise exercise their mind
david realizes that he had signed on as
a client he had opted for an extra
feature called the lucid dream
this allows cryogenically frozen
clinically dead clients to experience an
unending custom-made dream life with no
memory of their physical death
david realizes that he is in his lucid
dream which has become a nightmare
he escapes mccabe on the guards while
calling for technical support
and rushes for the building's lobby
which is suddenly empty an elevator
opens
revealing the strange man from the bar
who invites him in
as the elevator climbs to the top of an
impossibly tall building
the support technician explains that
david has been in suspension for 150
years
the lucid dream was spliced into his
memories at the point where he passed
out on the sidewalk after his night out
with sophia and brian
since nothing he experienced after the
splice was real david realizes that he
never murdered anybody
they emerge on the rooftop high above
the clouds
david imagines mccabe to be back and he
appears from a door
dr mccabe tells him that the guilt he
felt for the way he treated juliana may
have caused his subconscious to merge
juliana and sophia
but it turns out that dr mccabe isn't
real either he's just a character david
created in his dream to be the father
figure he always wanted
the technical support tells david that
in reality he never saw sofia again
and that thomas tip the attorney that
david considered firing in the beginning
had saved the company for david and
helped him regain control from the board
of directors
but david suffering constant pain and
depression following his disfigurement
committed suicide in the end technical
support reveals an upgrade to the
software which allows david to either be
reinserted into the lucid dream with no
memory of the nightmare portion or to be
awakened in the present time which is
150 years
after he was frozen and live in the real
world with a restored body
to wake up in the real world david would
need to jump off the tall building
this has been chosen by him to overcome
his fear of heights
he has chosen this scenario to ensure it
is not easy to decide to wake up
david chooses to be awakened in this
future present realizing that everyone
he ever knew will be long dead in his
wealth will be worth far less
edmund asks if he has any last wishes
david asked to meet with sophia
sofia appears and david pledges his love
for her one last time
david asks sophia if she remembers what
she told him before
that every passing minute is another
chance to turn it all around
sofia said i'll find you again
david responded i'll see you in another
life when we are both cats
after one last lucid dream exchange with
sofia he leaps off the skyscraper
multiple memory images cascade
phonetically through his mind as he
falls
the final shot is of a brief white out
accompanied by the sound of a woman's
voice telling him to open your eyes and
an extreme close-up of a single human
eye opening and staring into the camera
explaining the ending of vanilla sky the
ending of vanilla sky is straightforward
everything that tech support says is
true david is having a lucid dream
he did kill himself he didn't kill sofia
he does have a choice of waking up or
continuing the dream david decides to
wake up 150 some years in the future
after the drunken night david wakes up
alone on the street
he never meets sofia after that david
battles the board with the help of tommy
and gains back control
after that david shuts himself away for
months edmund
from life extension finds david on the
internet and connects with him
david opts for the lucid dream and
decides to end his life
life extension cryogenically freezes
david's body
as instructed by david the company
erases the memories of his death and
events that occur post the drunken night
on the street
they replace it with an alternate
version and david begins dreaming
brian throws a three-day memorial in
david's old home
sofia attends the memorial and is unable
to forget that first night with david
in this version david decides that he
gets back together with sofia
as instructed by him the company splices
his life events with an alternate
reality
a reality where sophia appears in the
morning picks him up and takes him home
they begin their relationship life
extension is monitoring the lucid dream
and they have realized that david's
subconscious is turning the dream into a
nightmare
they send tech support a digital version
of edmund to go meet david
edmund tells david to calm down and take
back control
he tells david that the people in the
bar are mere projections and when david
says what i'd love for them to do is
shut up
they do and everyone goes quiet he's
confused and leaves
when he sees the ad for life extension
on tv it triggers his memory and he
requests to be taken to the company's
headquarters where he learns the truth
he has been sleeping for 150 years
living a lucid dream while brian sofia
are all dead in the real world
he is given the choice to either return
to his lucid dream which has now been
fixed or returns to the real world where
advanced technology can not only wake
him up but fix his face
he chooses the latter and bids farewell
to his dream characters
promising sofia that he will meet her in
the next life he jumps from the building
to break his lucid dream and wakes up in
the real world
where someone probably a life extension
employee asks him to open his eyes
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching